README.md, before:

# GZDoomVR 
A GZDoom's VR fork based on gz3doom http://rotatingpenguin.com/gz3doom/, OpenVr Doom https://github.com/Fishbiter/gz3doom and QuestZDoom https://github.com/DrBeef/QuestZDoom

Built/tested on HP Reverb and Oculus Quest using Virtual Desktop but other VR setups should work as long they are compatible with OpenVR API.

This build exposes OpenVR controller input for definition (you will need to define the controls).
One hand (right by default) is tracked for the weapon. I have included two modified weapon packs authored by Fishbiter. 

## Controller Info

### Index Controllers
To get the most out of your Index Controllers, choose the Community Binding "Index Controller Bindings" by gameflorist in SteamVR. It makes the maximum buttons available for binding in GZDoom.

## Mods
There are some optional mods tested for using with this fork

https://github.com/hh79/gz3doom/files/4378108/HDVRweapons.zip HD weapon pack made by ajantaju

https://github.com/ajantaju/br_vr weapon pack made for Brutal Doom

https://github.com/dxt121730/BD64Weapons weapon pack for Brutal Doom 64 by dxt121730

https://github.com/mmaulwurff/laser-sight/releases laser sight mod, you need this for aiming

https://www.moddb.com/downloads/doom-neural-upscale-2x texture upscale mod

https://forum.zdoom.org/download/file.php?id=30459&sid=df63736751c12c3ebb76230d1dc86543 blood color fixer mod

#
Copyright (c) 1998-2020 ZDoom + GZDoom teams, and contributors

Doom Source (c) 1997 id Software, Raven Software, and contributors

Please see license files for individual contributor licenses

### Licensed under the GPL v3
##### https://www.gnu.org/licenses/quick-guide-gplv3.en.html
---

Commit message:

docs: add link to Virtual-Tactical-Vest mod in README

README.md, after:

# GZDoomVR 
A GZDoom's VR fork based on gz3doom http://rotatingpenguin.com/gz3doom/, OpenVr Doom https://github.com/Fishbiter/gz3doom and QuestZDoom https://github.com/DrBeef/QuestZDoom

Built/tested on HP Reverb and Oculus Quest using Virtual Desktop but other VR setups should work as long they are compatible with OpenVR API.

This build exposes OpenVR controller input for definition (you will need to define the controls).
One hand (right by default) is tracked for the weapon. I have included two modified weapon packs authored by Fishbiter. 

## Controller Info

### Index Controllers
To get the most out of your Index Controllers, choose the Community Binding "Index Controller Bindings" by gameflorist in SteamVR. It makes the maximum buttons available for binding in GZDoom.

## Mods
There are some optional mods tested for using with this fork

https://github.com/hh79/gz3doom/files/4378108/HDVRweapons.zip HD weapon pack made by ajantaju

https://github.com/ajantaju/br_vr weapon pack made for Brutal Doom

https://github.com/dxt121730/BD64Weapons weapon pack for Brutal Doom 64 by dxt121730

https://github.com/mmaulwurff/laser-sight/releases laser sight mod, you need this for aiming

https://github.com/iAmErmac/Virtual-Tactical-Vest adds a virtual vest with weapon slots by iAmErmac

https://www.moddb.com/downloads/doom-neural-upscale-2x texture upscale mod

https://forum.zdoom.org/download/file.php?id=30459&sid=df63736751c12c3ebb76230d1dc86543 blood color fixer mod

#
Copyright (c) 1998-2020 ZDoom + GZDoom teams, and contributors

Doom Source (c) 1997 id Software, Raven Software, and contributors

Please see license files for individual contributor licenses

### Licensed under the GPL v3
##### https://www.gnu.org/licenses/quick-guide-gplv3.en.html
---
